Update migrations.md (#186)
sequelize/website: versioned_docs/version-6.x.x/other-topics/migrations.md

npx sequelize-cli db:migrate --url 'mysql://root:password@mysql_host.com/database_name'
```

> If utilizing `package.json/scripts` commands make sure to use the extra `--` in your cammand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If utilizing `package.json/scripts` commands make sure to use the extra `--` in your command when using flags.
```
